Docs: Storybook - Spinner (#26754)
grafana/grafana: packages/grafana-ui/src/components/Spinner/Spinner.mdx

import { Meta, Story, Preview, Props } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import { Spinner } from './Spinner';

<Meta title="MDX|Spinner" component={Spinner} />

# Spinner

> Spinner is `fa-spinner` icon animated. It should be used when some information is being loaded. When the loading is completed, the spinner must disappear. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spinner is `fa-spinner` icon animated. It is used to alert a user to wait for an activity to complete. 
```
